hi I'm Cameron boussard from Cobra
engineering Cobra Engineering has been
around since the mid-70s in one form or
another in the 80s we were making
two-stroke exhaust pipes and we made a
product called the Sparky which was
aftermarket spark arrestor the late 80s
we began to make accessories for be
twins Harley's and the metric v-twins
and that launched an entirely new
category on the metric side no one was
making aftermarket products for the
honda shadows and yamaha virago is at
the time we were the first ones to make
exhaust systems and accessories for that
category in fact our participation what
we're doing kind of ignited that that
was the birth of the aftermarket
business for writers of metric cruisers
we also made harley products at the time
we're an american company all of our
products are made in America and our
packaging even talks about that we have
a billet flag that represents our
commitment to making our products here
in here in America we've always felt
that all of our products should be bike
specific so everything has a part number
you don't find universal parts that you
mix and match and make to fit your
motorcycle we want to make sure that
when you get a cobra product you can
install it yourself you don't need a
degree from MIT or have to go to
motorcycle training school to bolt these
products on very easy installation great
instructions online and our exhaust
systems come with a limited lifetime
warranty the only one in the business
that's our way of saying we believe in
the quality of our product and we want
you to as well like I said our company
has been around for 30 years in this in
this business and we make everything for
your motorcycle from the front to the
back from light bars to freeway bars
floorboards sissy bars racks exhaust
systems fuel tuning systems and air
intake systems so we offer the complete
products that you need to get the most
performance out of your bike and to
enhance the functionality to make
more comfortable there freeway bars or
even sissy bars make it comfortable for
your passengers to enjoy the ride as
well we're proud of the work we've done
we're proud of the products we develop
and we want you to be happy with the
products when you get them that's why
our packaging is beyond what anyone else
does the quality of the product the
chrome work the manufacturing all of
that goes into it so that you're happy
with the products that you get and we
know that they're the best in the
business thank you if you would like
more information on any of the products
featured here please head to our website
dennis kirk calm